Previously on 90210...
Adrianna, this is Lila,
our bass player.
Hey.
Hi.
I joined the band to get
over Navid, and now I have
to spend every day
with the new girl he's dating?
MR. CANNON:
I'm kicking you
off the Blaze.
No! What do you want?
Just name it. I'll do anything.
Please, please, please.
I'll do anything.
Are you offering
to sleep with me?
What? No. I...
Because that would be
completely inappropriate.
You're off the Blaze.
Look, I know this isn't
what you want to hear, but
you were the one out of line.
(groans)
I cannot believe you're
taking his side, Silver.
He said if I wanted
back on the Blaze, I
had to sleep with him.
What?!
GIA:
So, you want to go out
on a date?
(groans)
Do you mind
if I crash here tonight?
Not at all.
Tonight, tomorrow,
as long as you want.
I'm Laurel.
Ryan.
JASPER:
If I can't be with you,
there's no point in living.
Jasper, no.
(phone beeps off)
Jasper?
I told you,
I don't know where he is.
I just hope he's not getting
into too much trouble
before his parents
come back to town.
Yeah.
JASPER (on answering machine):
Leave a message.
Jasper, I need you to tell me
where you are, okay?
I'm just getting really worried.
Please call me back.
And-And please
don't hurt yourself.
Jasper?!
Jasper?
What are you doing up there?
It's all
pointless, Annie.
What is?
All of it.
Life. It's a joke.
It's painful.
It's humiliating.
And I'm over it.
You still have not
chosen a loofah.
I think you should
come forward.
Liam, no.
What Mr. Cannon said to
you was sexual harassment.
I just don't want to deal
with the aggravation.
Now, I'm assuming you're
going to go with blue,
but lavender could be
a bold statement for a guy.
I don't understand.
Why don't you report him?
Liam, this has been
a really crazy year.
The feud with Annie,
the situation with Jen.
Jen. Jen has hurt you enough.
Don't let her stop you
from doing what's right.
Liam.
What?
(sighs)
The truth is...
I'm a lot more like Jen
than you probably think.
No. No, you are
nothing like Jen.
And if you were, I
wouldn't be with you.
Um, I'll take
an Arnold Palmer,
uh, mostly iced tea.
Like, a quarter lemonade.
And just a regular
water for me. Thanks.
BARTENDER:
Coming right up.
So, you notice anything
different about me?
Uh...
You're taller?
Shorter?
Oh, wait. I know.
You shaved your mustache.
Ha, ha. No.
I got a haircut.
Oh. Really?
Like, a hair cut?
Single hair?
You're just not very
detail-oriented, are you?
Just because
I didn't notice
your emperor's
new haircut...
Now, come here,
you totally transformed woman.
Hey! Dixon.
TEDDY: Hey, man.
How's it going?
Who you here with?
Uh, no one.
By myself.
Oh.
You know what?
I should set you up
with my mixed doubles partner.
Uh, no. Uh, don't worry
about it, man.
I'm serious.
She is totally hot.
Definitely
not my type.
Thanks for looking out
for me, but I'm cool
doing my own thing.
See y'all later.
Jasper, please listen to me.
It's not pointless.
Well, what's the point?
Huh?
What's the point to life?
You don't love me anymore.
Do you?
Jasper, no!
(sighs)
Hi. We're looking
for Jasper Herman.
He's our son.
I'll see if he's
out of surgery.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman?
Hi.
Annie.
What's going on?
Do you know?
All we've been told
is that he fell
off the top
of the Hollywood sign.
Were you with him?
What was he even
doing up there?
Was he filming something?
Um...
No, I...
Look, he didn't fall.
He jumped.
Oh, my God.
MR. HERMAN:
Um...
Listen, you should, uh...
You should go home, Annie.
Get some sleep, and...
we'll call you
if we hear any news.
Well, I-I can stay.
No. Jasper's our son.
We'll handle this. You should,
uh... take care of yourself.
Okay.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
I am sick.
Oh, no. Cold or flu?
Not that kind of sick.
I just...
Why am I enjoying watching
you iron so much?
(laughs)
I'm sick, that's all.
You're a sexist pig.
What do you think?
Cute.
(laughs)
Um, hey, you're driving
us to the concert, right?
You know it.
Oh, you're the
best roadie ever.
Roadie?
Yeah.
I was thinking more groupie.
(laughing)
Um, that's possible.
Yeah?
It's very possible.
(chuckles)
But you know what groupies
do for their rock stars?
What?
Their ironing.
Oh.
Okay.
♪ The ground, the ground was
dripping wet ♪
♪ My feet don't hide,
they're holding yet ♪
♪ What will I do?
What will I do? ♪
Wilson looks.
He shoots.
Oh!
Oh...
Aw, come on.
Was it something I said?
Do over.
No way, man.
I want my ten bucks.
Are you guys betting
on baby basketball?
That's just sad.
I mean, I wish I could
put money on the Lakers.
I'm telling you, man.
They're about to go on a roll.
I can feel it.
Sounds like someone's
got the gambling bug.
Bug?
No. Gift? Yes.
(scoffing laughter)
Hey, uh, could you hook me up
with your dad's bookie?
Yeah, sure.
Cool.
I'm telling you,
I really feel good
about the Lakers.
Put me down for 250 bucks.
Well, you don't want to
put it on the Lakers.
My dad's got floor
seats and last night,
he overheard
his trainer
saying that Kobe's
going to sit out
against the Spurs.
IVY:
Oh, yeah?
His knee's bothering him.
Really?
Yep.
Well, then, I'm feeling
really good about the Spurs.
Hook me up, all right?
You got it.
Anyone see the Cavs
last night?
LeBron was on fire.
Ah, man, I missed it.
Naomi and I were...
Never mind.
Liam, what's your problem?
You can talk about Naomi
in front of me.
(clears throat)
Dixon looks.
He shoots.
(ball bounces)
(door slams)
♪ ♪
Uh, hey. Are-Are you okay?
Never been better. Why?
I don't know.
It just looks like
you have something
against those books.
(sighs)
I just... I don't get why
everyone keeps treating me
like I'm some loser
or something.
(laughs) You're preaching
to the choir, miss.
Oh, really?
Yeah. Ever since Silver
and Teddy's been going out,
they've been treating me
like some... charity case.
Seriously?
Yeah. Teddy tried to hook me
up with some tennis girl.
Oh, God.
He was like, "Well,
let me call in a favor
to this ex-girlfriend
of mine to see if she'll
go out with you."
Like I need his
hand-me-downs.
I hear you.
I mean, between you and me,
Liam's practically
chewing my food for me
and then regurgitating it
back into my mouth.
What?
Like, he's patronizing me, man.
He treats me like I'm some
baby or something.
Oh, baby bird, yeah. I get it.
And you know what
I mean, though?
It's kind of ridiculous. I...
As if I care that
he's still dating
that giggling
imbecile, you know?
Yeah, like I'm supposed
to care that Silver
changed her Facebook status
to "in a relationship."
Dixon, why do you know
Silver's Facebook status?
Oh...
Mm-hmm.
Anyways, look, you
want to hang out later?
I don't know, grab a burger?
Yes, that'll be cool.
I mean, it seems like
everybody else is coupled off.
And besides, I haven't
had a Beach Burger since...
yesterday.
(both laughing)
Peace.
I'll call you.
SILVER:
I'm just saying...
you can't let Mr. Cannon
get away with it.
That is exactly
what I've been saying.
Have you guys seen Alaina
Grossberg's collagen injections?
Naomi, you have
to tell somebody.
Honestly, it's not
that big of a deal.
Seriously, her lips
look like an inner tube.
It is, and it's
your responsibility.
SILVER:
Your moral obligation.
Think about it.
What if Mr. Cannon
harasses some
other girl?
Okay, enough! Please!
Just stop!
(sighs)
This has been really hard, huh?
Yeah, yeah, it has.
This whole situation is...
it's too much.
Maybe you should talk
to somebody.
Maybe Kelly.
No.
Naomi, it's
a good idea.
Yeah, you're struggling
with this.
Fine, I'll talk to someone.
Not Kelly.
I don't trust this psyche
to anyone
who costs less
than $400 an hour.
I'll see a real
therapist, okay?
Come here.
♪ ♪
Your chair, madam.
Thank you.
Are those new shoes? I like 'em.
So did I when
I bought them
in seventh grade. Nice try.
LIAM:
What did we miss?
Oh, nothing.
Teddy's just trying
to prove how well
he knows me.
He's crashing and burning.
I am so not crashing
and burning.
WAITER: Hello, there.
What can I get
you all to drink?
Uh, maybe some water
for the table.
Yeah.
Sure. Sparkling or flat?
What do you prefer?
How about... Teddy,
you want to tell him
what I like?
Uh... sparkling,
because she has
such a sparkling personality.
Actually, I like flat,
because apparently I have
a flat personality.
Mmm.
I'll, uh, get a bottle of each.
Hey, I was close.
It's not like you know
everything about me.
Uh, you know what?
He's gonna have
an Arnold Palmer--
three-quarters iced tea,
one-quarter lemonade.
Thanks.
Oh, snap.
I guess so.
(mutters)
BOTH:
Oh, great.
Let's go, right?
Yeah.
Hey, Dixon, Ivy!
(chuckles)
Hey, guys.
DIXON:
Hey, what's up?
Come here.
Grab a fork
and stab me in
the jugular.
Too late.
You guys wanna join us
for dinner?
No.
No, uh-uh.
Why, why not?
Yeah, there's
plenty of room.
I can just sit
in Liam's lap.
Actually, we were...
We're on a date.
(giggles)
(chuckles)
All right!
NAOMI:
Wow...
Dixon,
(quietly):
you can do better.
(whispers):
Naomi, I can hear you.
SILVER:
Anyway, that's
really great.
Yeah, it's
pretty great.
Well, anyway, uh...
we should go.
Shall we?
We shall.
Bye.
SILVER: Have fun.
TEDDY:
See ya.
Dixon, Dixon, what
the hell was that?
That was crazy!
Yeah, kinda.
But kinda crazy awesome.
Really?
Hell, yeah! Did you see
their faces?!
(sighs)
(laughs)
So... guess you're
my boyfriend now.
Guess so.
After you, my lady.
Whoa, uh-uh.
None of that
gentlemanly crap.
Come on.
♪ ♪
(laughs)
Wow!
A lingerie Web site.
Oh, Montgomery, has it
really come to this?
I'm trying to find
a gift for Silver.
(chuckles ruefully)
Good luck with that.
One time I bought her
a leather bracelet
and she accused me
of being insensitive
to cow feelings.
Cow feelings.
Yeah, she's not
exactly the easiest
to shop for.
Tell me about it.
Hey, do you think maybe
she'd like to...
You know what? Never mind.
Look, it's cool, man.
All right, I moved on.
I really like Ivy now.
Yeah?
Hell, yeah.
In fact, I recently bought Ivy
a little gift myself.
Oh, yeah?
What'd you get her?
Oh, no. Mm-mmm, no,
no, no, no, no.
I can't have you
rip off my idea.
It's way too good.
Aha.
(clears throat)
God, you and Ivy.
I did not see that coming.
Ha... yeah, I know.
Neither did I.
See you later, man.
Later.
(cell phone ringing)
(sniffles)
Hello?
Hi, Annie. Matey Herman.
I want you to know
that Jasper is going to make it.
(sighs): Good.
So... he's okay?
Well, he broke both his legs
and sprained his shoulder,
but, yes, uh, physically
he's going to be fine.
Psychologically, mentally...
the kid's obviously
going through a rough patch.
Uh, once he checks out over
here, he's going to be checking
into a psychiatric facility
for a little while.
A psychiatric hospital?
Wow, I mean, that's...
Well, that makes sense.
That's good.
Yeah, yeah.
We-We feel it's going to help.
And help get him talking,
you know?
Um... my brother's death
really affected Jasper,
and we just want
him to talk to someone.
Open up. Stop hiding.
Oh, Annie, one more thing.
Jasper wanted to talk to you
before he goes away.
Would you, um...
would you do that for him?
♪ ♪
You really
didn't have to drive me.
I wanted to.
How long is your
therapy session?
Um, I'll be done
in about an hour.
Okay. Well, I'll pick
you up then.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Good luck.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
Hi.
May I please get a nonfat
blended mocha for here?
Oh, and can I see a menu, too?
Sure.
♪ So strike me down,
down, down ♪
♪ So strike me down ♪
♪ Strike me... ♪
LIV: Great! Now, we're going
to be late to our own show.
When did they start
locking the school so early?
Maybe after somebody
spray painted
"Beth Jennings is a whore"
all over the courtyard.
Why would
anyone do that?
GIA:
'Cause she's whore-like.
Whorish, whore-esque.
Not that I did it.
I told you guys
it was a stupid idea
to leave our
instruments at school.
All right, well, I told
you guys we can't practice
in my parents'
garage anymore.
All right, they can't
handle the noise.
Well, your parents
have no taste in music!
What the...?
Guys. Guys.
Why don't we just climb
up the fire escape
and jump down
into the courtyard?
Can we do that?
Yeah, totally.
All right, let's do it.
(giggling)
Um, you are a genius.
Just your number one groupie.
Aww.
Come here.
CAT:
Come on, guys!
Let's go.
Oh.
Gia...
Whatever.
♪ ♪
Are you still mad?
I'm not mad.
I just didn't realize
we were still keeping
this a secret.
I didn't either. I just...
I guess I'm not ready
to let people know yet.
Awesome.
Gia, I'm sorry.
I'm still trying to
figure this thing out.
Okay, step one--
stop calling it "this thing."
(grunts)
Um, you guys?
So, how were we supposed to get
over the wall with
our instruments?
Oh.
(nervous chuckle)
I hadn't really thought
that far ahead.
♪ ♪
Oh, wait, wait-wait.
Um, before we go in.
I got a little
something for you.
Whoa, what's this for?
Well, Teddy was getting
something for Silver,
so I just thought...
Ah, right, right, right--
of course.
You know...
for a second there, I thought
you might really like me.
What?
Oh, look, I-I'm sorry...
Okay, shut up, douche bag.
I'm kidding.
Give me the necklace.
Okay.
Oh, is this scrimshaw?
Yup.
Oh, this is rad, Dixon.
You know, if we were actually
dating right now, I would be
all over you.
And that's exactly
what I want to hear.
Now, look,
I'm not telling you
you have to wear it in there
and make a big fuss
about what
a great boyfriend I am...
(laughs)
Oh, prepare to be fussed over.
SALESWOMAN:
Well, that one's $15.
Uh, most of them
are $15, but...
the long sleeves,
those are $20.
Hey, hey--
what's the word?
The word is that
I got a great guy.
Oh, stop it. Come on.
IVY:
No, I can't, it's true.
Look what my little
Poopy got me.
(laughter)
I'm sorry, "Poopy"?
Yeah. Yeah, that's
what she calls me.
'Cause she's my little
Stinky Pants.
I don't even want to know.
SILVER:
Anyway...
where's the band, guys?
Aren't they supposed
to go on soon?
Oh, you know bands--
notoriously late.
Someone's probably
throwing a fit or eating
a bat or something.
(laughing)
Anyway, should we get drinks?
You got it...
Poopy.
Oh-oh, yeah,
that's-that's me.
Yeah.
(fire alarm ringing)
Here we come.
Whoo!
That was so cool.
Let's go, girls!
I can't believe we just
did that. So cool.
(alarm continues ringing)
(cheering)
Oh, can we do that in public?
BARTENDER:
Here you are.
Thanks.
Thank you.
So... I got you
a little gift, too.
To prove how well I know you.
You did not have to do that.
I know I didn't have to.
I wanted to.
Because I wanted
to see your face...
(gasps)
...when you opened it up.
Ooh...
(giggles)
Ooh, wow.
What do you think?
Do you love them?
Are they my girl's best friend?
Yes, they are gorgeous
and big.
Thank you.
Let's see how they look.
Yeah, okay.
Beautiful.
Yeah?
Perfect.
(giggles)
(applause and cheering)
Guys, there's, like,
a zillion people out here.
Hell, yeah! We're gonna
rock this bitch!
(cheering continues)
You okay?
Ade, what's wrong?
I can't do this.
What are you talking about?
I have never sung
in front of a crowd like this.
And I can't even take
a drink to calm down.
No, don't worry, Ade.
You're going to be amazing.
No, I'm sorry.
I just-- I can't do this.
What do you mean
you can't?
I just can't.
(crowd cheering)
All right, girl...
we are going to be
right behind you.
You've just got
to face your fears.
Don't think about
who's watching...
Come on.
No, I'm sorry.
Sing in my place.
Please?
No way.
No.
We're a band.
All right?
It's all for one...
and all that crap.
She's right.
We do it together,
or we don't do it at all.
Guys, come on.
Not a chance.
CAT: There'll be plenty
of other gigs.
The important thing
is that we stick together.
Put away the
puppy dog eyes.
We're not gonna rock
this bitch without you.
(applause and cheering)
(howls) Yeah!
(cheering continues)
Hi! We're The Glorious Steinems!
(cheering)
(midtempo rhythm plays)
♪ Hey, hey-hey, hey ♪
♪ Oh, oh-oh, oh ♪
♪ You like the way
that I trip and fall ♪
♪ You like to laugh
when I dent my car ♪
♪ I'm always in a rush ♪
♪ Sometimes I tend to care
too much ♪
♪ You like the way
that I burn my food ♪
♪ Like the way
that I snap at you ♪
♪ And every morning
I hit the snooze ♪
♪ And every day
I seem to lose my shoes ♪
♪ I always cheer
for the wrong team ♪
♪ Always bring
you the wrong drink ♪
♪ Always leave my hair
in the sink ♪
♪ And I talk when you're
tryin' to think ♪
♪ That's how I know
that you love me ♪
♪ That's how
I know that you care ♪
♪ That how I know that
you want me ♪
♪ 'Cause you take me as I am ♪
♪ That's how I know
that you love me ♪
♪ That's how
I know that you care ♪
♪ That's how I know
that you want me ♪
♪ 'Cause you take me as I am ♪
♪ Hey, hey-hey, hey ♪
Hey, can I have
a shot of tequila?
BARTENDER:
Sure.
Mom.
What are you doing here?
Guitarist's dad's
an old friend.
Hey, don't worry.
No one's going
to know I'm your mom.
'Cause if you call me "Mom"
in public, I'll sock you.
How about "Mommy"?
Swift kick to the groin.
Gotcha.
So, who are you here with?
Just some friends
from school.
Not that jerk Liam?
Mom, he's not a jerk.
He just has god-awful
taste in women.
Hey. Don't worry,
you'll get over him.
I know. I...
Whatever.
Which one is he, anyway?
♪ ...that you love me ♪
♪ That's how I know
that you care ♪
that you want me ♪
Looks like
a square to me.
What's with
that helmet hair?
Thanks, Mom.
Shh, not so loud.
♪ That's how I know
that you want me ♪
♪ 'Cause you take me as I am ♪
♪ Hey, hey-hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey, hey-hey, hey... ♪
(door opens)
Hey.
I just wanted to make
sure you're okay.
Don't lie to me.
What are you talking about?
You're here 'cause...
you have to make sure I won't
tell anyone your secret.
That's not true. Okay?
Despite everything,
I actually care about
what happens to you.
But you don't love me.
No.
I don't.
You should've just
left me there to die.
No.
Stop. Okay, just
stop manipulating me.
I'm not.
Yeah, you are.
You have been from the start.
I mean, even the way
we got together.
You were just
preying on the fact
that I felt so guilty
about your uncle.
You should feel guilty.
Don't worry.
I do.
Every day, I do.
But I don't owe you
a relationship because of it.
So then what
incentive is there
to keep me from telling?
None.
Annie, everything I did,
I have done it
because I love you.
You have to know that.
(sighs)
I know that you think that,
Jasper.
But what we had
was all based on lies.
It wasn't love.
Yes, it was.
It was.
And that's why I'm not
going to tell anyone.
I'm never going to tell
your secret, ever.
MAN:
I'm sorry, but...
visiting hours
ended a while ago.
ANNIE:
Okay.
Well, thank you.
And... I really hope
you get better.
Good-bye.
♪ ♪
JASPER:
Good-bye, Annie.
♪ 'Cause everything you say ♪
♪ Is just blah, blah, blah ♪
♪ And all that's in your head
is just la, la, la ♪
♪ And all you hear me saying
is nah, nah, nah ♪
♪ Cha-cha-cha,
you get nada ♪
♪ 'Cause everything you say is
just blah, blah, blah ♪
♪ And all that's in your head
is just la, la, la ♪
♪ And all you hear me saying
is nah, nah, nah ♪
♪ Cha-cha-cha,
you get nada ♪
♪ 'Cause everything you say is
just blah, blah, blah ♪
♪ And all that's in your head
is just la, la, la ♪
♪ And all you hear me saying
is nah, nah, nah ♪
♪ Cha-cha-cha,
you get nada. ♪
(cheering)
(song ends)
(cheering and applause)
Yeah!
(Dixon howls)
Whoo!
(howling)
(applause and cheering)
Whoo!
I thought we were still trying
to figure this thing out.
I just had to face my fears
and not worry about
who's watching.
And don't call
it "this thing."
Okay.
(laughs)
(giggles)
(murmurs)
Wow, that was
an awesome show, huh?
Yeah.
You okay?
No. I need to talk
to you about something.
It's something I feel
really bad about,
but you need to know.
Or maybe you don't
need to know,
but I need you to know.
What is it?
I hate these earrings.
I'm-I'm sorry. Look, I...
I know that
they were a gift
and it's all about
the thought and...
It's kind of the thought
that bothers me.
I mean, these are just
so not me.
I mean, I know most
girls love diamonds,
but I look at
them and I think
about slave mining and
orphans in Sierra Leone
and these mistresses in Texas
with their hair-
sprayed hair and...
Why are you laughing?
♪ ♪
Here's your real present.
I remember at
the beginning of the year
when we read this
in Matthews' class,
you went on and on
about how much you liked it,
and how amazing it
was that Flaubert could write
from a woman's
perspective,
and how much
that inspired you.
And I thought to myself,
"Whew, stay away from that girl.
She's way too much."
That's what you thought, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Mm-hmm?
Mm-hmm.
So, this whole
time, you were--
what, you were just
screwing with me?
See, I do pay
attention to detail,
and I do know you.
I definitely knew those
earrings would make you mad.
Oh, wow.
They're fake... by the way.
(laughs)
But I also know how cute
you look when you're angry.
I hate you.
No, you don't.
Trust me. I know you.
♪ ♪
Hey! So, your mom seems cool.
BARTENDER:
Your drink.
When did you...?
I think it's
absolutely wonderful
that you can be
so open with her about
your love life.
Excuse me?
I heard you, loser.
I know you're still into Liam.
Wha-- what are you
talking about, Naomi?
I'm with Dixon now.
Yeah, right. I saw
how quickly you
let go of each other's
hands when you thought
no one was looking.
Yeah, because our
palms were sweaty.
You're obviously
not really dating.
Yeah, we are.
In fact, we're...
Totally pathetic.
(scoffs)
Right. You have no idea
what you're talking about.
Hmm.
Sorry. Naomi didn't believe
that we were actually dating.
Well...
we can't have that
now, can we?
Dixon, that was great.
Yeah?
Yeah.
She totally bought that.
Water?
Thank you.
So, you feel like your
therapy session helped?
Um...
yeah, definitely.
Good.
And do you feel better
about coming forward
with what happened?
No.
When I was at therapy,
I really thought through
what will happen
if I do come forward.
I mean, everyone at school
will talk about me, judge me,
maybe even blame me
for what happened.
I wish I were stronger, Liam,
I really wish I were.
The truth is, I'm not.
And I'm not ready.
And I don't know
when or if I ever will be.
It's okay.
No, it's not okay.
I should be stronger.
I should be...
Hey, Naomi?
Shh...
It's all right.
I just hate that guy for putting
you in this position.
I hate him.
Mr. Cannon, I forgot my paper.
Can I run home and get it?
Hmm, I don't know.
Please?
You know you're, like, my
favorite teacher, right?
Okay, go get your paper, but
don't be gone too long. Okay?
You son of a bitch.
Get your hands off me!
(onlookers murmuring)
You're a piece of garbage.
Hey!
Hey, what's your name?!
(laughing)
Okay, this
is cool.
Thank you.
See ya.
Hey, thanks for letting
me borrow your car.
Yeah, no worries.
Just return it with
a full tank of gas,
and no dents, Mom.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(laughing)
Hey, that's Adrianna, right?
Yeah.
Ah, sweet.
Mom, what are you doing?
You can't exactly just
park the car here.
You park it, then.
Adrianna? Hi.
Laurel Cooper.
I'm Ivy's mom.
Oh, hey.
I saw your show
last night.
You were fantastic.
Thank you.
You're a music producer?
Until the powers that be
tell me otherwise.
Look, I work with
a lot of talented
musicians your age.
And I'm interested
in signing you.
No.
No?
No, I mean, yes.
I-I mean, really?
Oh, my God, wow! Oh, my God.
I can't wait to
tell the band.
Right. Well, I... I wouldn't
rub it in their faces.
Because I'm not interested
in signing the band.
I'm only interested in you.
Hi, Poopy.
Okay, okay, just get it out
of your system now.
Do you prefer the more
colloquial "Poops,"
or perhaps the more
formal "Señor Poopy"?
Very funny.
Do you want your
money or not?
What money?
You didn't hear
about the Lakers?
Uh-uh.
Kobe sat out, and they
still beat the spread.
Oh.
I owe you $250.
Oh, it pains me to take this.
Oh, it pains me
even more.
But it's my own fault.
I should have trusted
my instincts.
Anyway, uh, there's a
game this weekend, and...
I want to put the
rest of this on L.A.
Oh, man, are you sure?
Positive.
I got to build back up.
See you later, man.
Later.
It's an awful day
to be stuck in school.
How about we grab our
wetsuits and head up to Zuma?
Hmm, it's tempting, but I can't.
I have a history test.
Square.
Laurel.
Ryan.
Hey.
♪ ♪
Mom.
M... Mom?
(school bell ringing)
Yeah, okay, well, I'm going
to go take a history test,
which will be a lot more
pleasant than this encounter.
What's up, Stinky Pants?
What up, Poopy?
You know, just in case
Naomi walks by.
Gotcha.
I like the way
you think.
Well, thank you,
thank you.
(giggles)
SILVER:
Hey, Naomi.
Did you hear about Liam?
He's in the
principal's office.
What? Why?
Apparently, he
attacked Mr. Cannon.
Oh, my God!
(door closes)
HARRY:
So, Liam, what happened?
Why would you go after
Mr. Cannon?
I don't even know
this kid, Harry.
Liam, if you don't
say something,
I'm going to have no choice
but to expel you.
Why don't you head back
to your class, Miles?
Thanks.
Hey, is Liam in there?
You know that kid?
Yeah. He's my boyfriend.
Well, say good-bye
to him for me.
He's about to be expelled.
Liam, what happened?
Please, you can't do this.
This doesn't concern you.
Yes, it does.
Naomi, I didn't tell him
what this is about.
You don't have
to say anything.
Yes, I do.
Look, Principal Wilson,
this is all my fault.
The only reason Liam
did this is because...
...because Mr. Cannon
sexually harassed me.